Or moving on, we can run the Docker
container and use the same example.
We can
pull the container and then so we can
clone the repo and then make changes to
it and then build the Docker container
as well. And inside the open M CLI we've
got like a convenience tool open M build
that that does that for us. But it's
essentially just wrapping Docker build
so so we can also do the same there.
And then we can run these containers and
as I said before connect with them
from Python in the same kind of way.
So what does it look like from the CLI?
So as we showed before you can do this
open M inner and you can create the
skeleton and then you can push that
straight to the hub which I'll come back
to in a second as a little demo.
And then you can configure that
[clears throat] environment mainly with
environment variables to say like how
many workers do you want to use
and
whether you want to use concurrent
environments which I'll come to in the
next section.
So feel free to kind of
drop in any interruptions if you like.
I'm just going to set this up so it's a
little bit easier to see. Yes. I I had a
couple of questions like like basically
so I know you mentioned at some point
like oh if you don't have like Docker
you can use UV. Well like how does this
work like I mean presumably most
environments aren't written in Python
like if you're Pokemon you're written in
like whatever that was written in. Then
you have like some shim in Python. So
like could you speak to how like
basically native code gets deployed in
environments on the hub?
Yeah so
when when the environment is outside of
Python you need to use a container to
define the code outside of Python and do
dependency management basically. So if
you say like if you want to run the
Uvicorn application let's say the Python
application. Yeah you can't you need to
manage the dependencies outside of
Python and we'll do that with Docker.
That's basically
yeah.
I see. Just and I know this may be a
pedantic question but just because you
have cost there so the cost basically
it's like
is it like paid for by the people
hosting the environment or is it paid
for by the people that are pulling the
environment?
How does this work if people are having
like multiple rollouts where they're
doing multiple parallel eval?
Yeah so in the example I showed you
where like this kind of example where
you interact with the like the space
itself, right? Like the
the environment host would would pay for
that compute. And so in most cases like
if you're publishing an environment you
would probably want to do that free and
just let people try it out and kind of
understand the environment that you use
to maybe learn from it.
And then they could pull that
environment and and run it for free.
Because of how spaces works like
let me just maybe show you like
you can just duplicate spaces so they're
kind of like super easy to just pull
over to your
>> Oh I see.
Like running locally is something you
want people to do. Like you want to
discover things and then like I see.
Totally. So yeah I expect most people
will like come here and like try it out
and learn from it maybe duplicate it if
they want to make changes and share it.
But in most cases we expect people to
kind of
to run this this locally.
Got [laughter] it. Okay.
Cool. Um so yeah okay so I shared this
little demo and we've kind of seen this
a little bit already but let me just
work through it. So you basically just
do open M inner
which looks like
this and it's a simple command line it
just needs to know what the name of your
environment's going to be so let's call
it GPU mode.
And so we basically
Let me do it like this.
And okay.
Sorry.
Sorry I I just had a quick add to what
Ben answered about Mark's question. Um
for like most of these game environments
and things like that you can imagine
you're sort of building adapters or
wrappers just like add them to the spec.
But our goal for like
hopefully this year is we'll bring like
environments on the ground up so you'll
see them like being less clunky. And the
other thing I want to call out is like
most of these are for reinforcement
learning training so
that we'll go in a lot more depth but
the CPU cost of running an environment
compared to like the GPU involved in
training is like really fractional. So
you can imagine like you probably would
not mind hosting these on your server.
Sorry to interrupt your flow Ben. No
worries. It's it's actually extremely
helpful.
Gave me a chance to get us back in line.
So yeah okay um
as I was showing you this is just how
you initialize an environment. So and I
just want to kind of work through that.
So let's say I'm going to create a new
environment called GPU mode. So I just
say open M inner GPU mode and it creates
that for me and it tells me that there's
this new file called open M mode. Let's
go and have a look at that.
And if you look over here in like the
file explorer this is what it looks like
and this is the skeleton. So
it comes out of the box. So if you look
you're looking on the right pane here
and it comes out of the box with this
read me that has some metadata which
makes it discoverable on the hub
basically.
But also gives you like the templates
and you'll notice that we've like set it
the entire skeleton so that it's already
pre-constructed for you with the name
that you chose which in my case was GPU
mode.
And it gives you all of these examples
of how you do it. So out of the box you
have like a self-contained fully
documented end that is also
interoperable and and and standardized
and uses open M. It comes with this pi
project toml which installs
all the like the base dependencies that
you need and then gives some like
recommendations and gets that running.
And then it has the the client code
itself which Sanyam already kind of
unpacked and went into detail on.
And that's that's all that. Right. So
then um
let's just change into that.
We don't want to get too far into this
cuz we want to go into the um
some other things after that but
we can then basically just like run this
end like this locally.
Ah sorry that port's already in use.
So yeah okay that's it running locally
now and then if we go to our like Python
interpreter
I think I have that here. So okay if I
did that I think it
wouldn't work that's not deployed. But
if I copy the URL up here
then I can just say okay run on here.
Yeah okay and then it's like step
through and there's a reward and then
another reward and that's this
open M environment running here.
And then let me um
just now go back to my terminal
close that down
and do open M
push.
Hope I'm in the right directory. I was
yeah.
Cool. So then that's now pushed it to
the hub and if I go over here I open the
browser
you see that I've got this space running
here open M.
And then I can uh
just like test out the end
here and this is just a skeleton end it
just like echoes back whatever you you
ask it so it's just echoed back hello.
But if the end was like more complicated
or let's say it was like Soloku or
Textarena or even a browser control you
could try that out and kind of get a
sense of of how that environment works
and what the model was was doing
for this use case like in the space.
And then you would be able to as I
showed you go here and kind of duplicate
it embed this space but you could also
run locally.
And then you'll see this Docker run
command
which is the same Docker run command
from the docs.
I think this should just drop in.
Yeah and so then now what you'll see
it's doing is that it's running the same
container image from the space
inside
like locally but this time by Docker
instead of the
um
Python server the fast API application.
So that's it. Let me see if I can also
just interact with that like that just
to kind of complete the loop.
I think that one should work. Yeah. So
now you've got like the same application
running in the space which you which you
can also use.